W-17785017 Add env vars and limits cleanup (#811)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-review-prerequisites.adoc

Before you download and install Anypoint Flex Gateway, review the following requirements and limits.

== Flex Gateway Requirements

=== Permission Requirements

To use Flex Gateway you must have these permissions:

[%header,cols="20a,30a,50a"]
|===
| Permission | Ability | Notes

> | Manage Servers | Create, update, and delete server and Flex Gateway resources.| Runtime Manager permission which is assigned to a specific environment in a Business Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage Servers | Create, update, and delete server and Flex Gateway resources.| Runtime Manager permission, which is assigned to a specific environment in a Business Group.
```

Reviewer: (globally) Did you try to specify the permission? For example, did you mean?:
Runtime Manager permission that is assigned to a specific environment in a Business Group.

> | Read Servers | View server and Flex Gateway resources.| Runtime Manager permission which is assigned to a specific environment in a Business Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Read Servers | View server and Flex Gateway resources.| Runtime Manager permission, which is assigned to a specific environment in a Business Group.
```

> | Usage Viewer | View gateway metrics. | Usage permission which can be added only by an organization administrator at the root organization level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Usage Viewer | View gateway metrics. | Usage permission, which can be added only by an organization administrator at the root organization level.
```

|===

Your Anypoint Platform Admin can add these permissions in Access Management.
See xref:access-management::configure-teams.adoc#manage-team-permissions[Manage Team Permissions] for more information. 

=== Connected App Scope Requirements

To register Self-Managed Flex Gateway using a Connected App, the following scopes are required:

* Manage Servers
* Read Servers
* View Organization

== Managed Flex Gateway Resource Requirements

To use Managed Flex Gateway your Business Group must have at least one of these Managed Flex Gateway resources: 

* Large Managed Flex Gateways
* Small Managed Flex Gateways

> These resources are not inheritied. To redestribute Managed Flex Gateway resources to a business group, see xref:access-management::business-groups.adoc#redistribute-resources[Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources aren't inherited. To redistribute Managed Flex Gateway resources to a business group, see xref:access-management::business-groups.adoc#redistribute-resources[Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups].
```

Flex Gateway requires either an Intel or AMD-64 processor.

> == Ports, IPs, and Hostnames Allowlist Requirements

Reviewer: The descriptions in this column seem to be missing the period.

Author: Fixed

> For Flex Gateway to communicate with MuleSoft-managed online Anypoint Platform APIs and services, you must add the following hostnames and ports of external resources to the allowlist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Flex Gateway to communicate with MuleSoft-managed online Anypoint Platform APIs and services, you must add these hostnames and ports of external resources to the allowlist:
```

 
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Plane |Host |Port| Mode| Description| Protocol

> |*US*|*anypoint.mulesoft.com* | 443| Both| Required to connect with the control plane, push internal metrics, and download custom policy binaries| HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|*US*|*anypoint.mulesoft.com* | 443| Both| Required to connect with the control plane, push internal metrics, and download custom policy binaries.| HTTPS
```

Reviewer: Globally
